hey guys wanted to talk about if you
should upgrade to a 135 millimeter loop
then if you're going to get your cannon
if you buy your cannon right now at the
rebel series you get the 1855 millimeter
kit lens and you could upgrade and get
the 18 to 135 so some people so my
friend asked me is it worth upgrading so
I just wanted to tell you if you were to
buy this all by itself
it's about 450 this if you were to buy
by itself it's about 160 so different
prices about $300 okay but if you were
to upgrade and buy a part of your
purchase you're talking about $174
difference because ice the t4i with this
kit is about 222 and a t4i with the 18
to 55 is 650 so you're looking about 175
dollar difference I say
you should really go for it and upgrade
to this because now you have a bigger
zoom then you do with the 155 both of
them do go from f-stop three point five
to five point six so the only difference
is the zoom on here and you could tell
also by the quality of the build this is
much more sturdy and then you have your
metal ring attachment compared to the
the 18 to 55
both of them do have is but this one
comes with a new motor is TM a step-up
motor it's much more quieter when you're
using it for like videos so I'm going to
do some tests I'll show you what the
sound is when you focus it and you could
you could hear it within the video when
this is a shooting and I'm going to do a
couple more tests and I'm going to post
it up alright thank you